the difference between the Axegun and Umbral Magic
is that Magic is a lot more consistent in its damage.
being able to deal consistently is already good
Cleaver considers spamming magic to be a viable strategy, even against Dolph, so it clearly doesn't hurt him *that* much.
But it slowly kills him! How can that be a viable way to fight?
Maybe he has some kind of self-heal?
How about instead of Darkna his third spell is Nosfer?
Wait, that spell doesn't exist? 
lemme fix that real quick
wait i can't anymore
that makes sense
i can still edit the project file
anyway
I'm thinking about the Dolph fight in specific
Cleaver's going to keep spamming Shasho, until his HP gets too low and he needs to use Nosfer
How many times can he use that before he needs to replenish?
I want to say... 3 times?
So Shasho costs 1/4 of Cleaver's health, and Nosfer restores... 3/4 holy shit
Is there any way to justify that? Maybe he should just have a regular self-heal spell?
Either way, Shasho costs 1/4, and Darkna is replaced with a spell that can heal himself at least 2/4
As for Shabur...
Yeah I'm just not sure about this one
I kind of added this one to match Dolph's Gunblitz, but this one is really only going to be used in exactly one (1) battle
and it doesn't really fit his character as much as the Shasho/Self-Heal combo
...well, it kinda does, as it matches Gunblitz
so this attack would basically be "Gunblitz, but more powerful, and it costs HP"]
how much more powerful? how much HP? we just don't know
As for damage, i think Shasho should deal 75% the average damage of Lethal Strike, to account for the difference in HP loss
LS deals 200 damage on average, so 150 damage for Shasho seems about right
as for Shabur, i'm not really sure?
i mean, should it deal less than Shasho? the same amount?
it's a burst, an explosion, should that not deal more damage than a single shot?
in terms of pure gameplay it should probably deal between 133% and 200% of Gunblitz, so between 88 and 133 damage per target.
I'd advise comparing those damage values to the damage values of other characters and moves, specifically Renzo, Fiora, Dolph's basic attack, Dolph's Lethal Strike, and Cleaver's Shasho.
As for the damage formula for these spells...
fuck if i know
good thing i'm not a designer for this anymore

